c:\users\mustapha-\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArtisticShowroom\Services\bin\Debug\Services.dll
c:\users\mustapha-\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArtisticShowroom\Services\bin\Debug\Services.pdb
c:\users\mustapha-\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArtisticShowroom\Services\bin\Debug\Data.dll
c:\users\mustapha-\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArtisticShowroom\Services\bin\Debug\Domain.dll
c:\users\mustapha-\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArtisticShowroom\Services\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\mustapha-\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArtisticShowroom\Services\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mustapha-\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArtisticShowroom\Services\bin\Debug\Data.pdb
c:\users\mustapha-\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArtisticShowroom\Services\bin\Debug\Domain.pdb
c:\users\mustapha-\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArtisticShowroom\Services\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
c:\users\mustapha-\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArtisticShowroom\Services\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mustapha-\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArtisticShowroom\Services\obj\Debug\Services.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mustapha-\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArtisticShowroom\Services\obj\Debug\Services.dll
c:\users\mustapha-\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ArtisticShowroom\Services\obj\Debug\Services.pdb
C:\Users\mustapha-\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ArtisticShowroom\ArtisticShowroom\Services\bin\Debug\Services.dll
C:\Users\mustapha-\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ArtisticShowroom\ArtisticShowroom\Services\bin\Debug\Services.pdb
C:\Users\mustapha-\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ArtisticShowroom\ArtisticShowroom\Services\bin\Debug\Data.dll
C:\Users\mustapha-\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ArtisticShowroom\ArtisticShowroom\Services\bin\Debug\Domain.dll
C:\Users\mustapha-\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ArtisticShowroom\ArtisticShowroom\Services\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\mustapha-\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ArtisticShowroom\ArtisticShowroom\Services\bin\Debug\Data.pdb
C:\Users\mustapha-\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ArtisticShowroom\ArtisticShowroom\Services\bin\Debug\Domain.pdb
C:\Users\mustapha-\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ArtisticShowroom\ArtisticShowroom\Services\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
C:\Users\mustapha-\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ArtisticShowroom\ArtisticShowroom\Services\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\mustapha-\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ArtisticShowroom\ArtisticShowroom\Services\obj\Debug\Services.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\mustapha-\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ArtisticShowroom\ArtisticShowroom\Services\obj\Debug\Services.dll
C:\Users\mustapha-\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ArtisticShowroom\ArtisticShowroom\Services\obj\Debug\Services.pdb
C:\Users\mustapha-\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ArtisticShowroom\ArtisticShowroom\Services\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
C:\Users\mustapha-\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ArtisticShowroom\ArtisticShowroom\Services\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.xml
C:\Users\mustapha-\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ArtisticShowroom\ArtisticShowroom\Services\bin\Debug\ServicePattern.dll
C:\Users\mustapha-\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ArtisticShowroom\ArtisticShowroom\Services\bin\Debug\ServicePattern.pdb
